PORT-10735 Restructure Datadog Integration Docs (#1633)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/apm-alerting/datadog/datadog.md

import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem"
import PortTooltip from "/src/components/tooltip/tooltip.jsx"
import Prerequisites from "/docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/templates/\_ocean_helm_prerequisites_block.mdx"
import AzurePremise from "/docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/templates/\_ocean_azure_premise.mdx"
import HelmParameters from "/docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/templates/\_ocean-advanced-parameters-helm.mdx"
import DockerParameters from "./\_datadog_one_time_docker_parameters.mdx"
import AdvancedConfig from '/docs/generalTemplates/\_ocean_advanced_configuration_note.md'
import PortApiRegionTip from "/docs/generalTemplates/_port_region_parameter_explanation_template.md"
import OceanSaasInstallation from "/docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/templates/_ocean_saas_installation.mdx"
import DatadogBlueprint from "../resources/datadog/\_example_datadog_alert_blueprint.mdx";
import DatadogConfiguration from "../resources/datadog/\_example_datadog_webhook_configuration.mdx"
import DatadogMicroserviceBlueprint from "../resources/datadog/\_example_datadog_microservice.mdx"

# Datadog

> Port's Datadog integration allows you to import `monitors` (also known as alerts), `services`, `slos`, `sloHistory`, and `serviceMetrics` from your Datadog account into Port, according to your mapping and definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Port's Datadog integration allows you to model Datadog resources in Port and ingest data into them.
```

<details>
  <summary>ArgoCD Application</summary>

```yaml showLineNumbers
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Application
metadata:
  name: my-ocean-datadog-integration
  namespace: argocd
spec:
  destination:
    namespace: mmy-ocean-datadog-integration
    server: https://kubernetes.default.svc
  project: default
  sources:
  - repoURL: 'https://port-labs.github.io/helm-charts/'
    chart: port-ocean
    targetRevision: 0.1.14
    helm:
      valueFiles:
      - $values/argocd/my-ocean-datadog-integration/values.yaml
      // highlight-start
      parameters:
        - name: port.clientId
          value: YOUR_PORT_CLIENT_ID
        - name: port.clientSecret
          value: YOUR_PORT_CLIENT_SECRET
        - name: port.baseUrl
          value: https://api.getport.io
  - repoURL: YOUR_GIT_REPO_URL
  // highlight-end
    targetRevision: main
    ref: values
  syncPolicy:
    automated:
      prune: true
      selfHeal: true
    syncOptions:
    - CreateNamespace=true
```

<PortApiRegionTip/>

</details>
<br/>

1. Apply your application manifest with `kubectl`:

```bash
kubectl apply -f my-ocean-datadog-integration.yaml
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

<AdvancedConfig/>

</TabItem>

> <TabItem value="one-time-ci" label="One-time (CI)">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<TabItem value="one-time-ci" label="Scheduled (CI)">
```

        -e OCEAN__PORT__BASE_URL='https://api.getport.io' \
        $IMAGE_NAME

  rules: # Run only when changes are made to the main branch
    - if: '$CI_COMMIT_BRANCH == "main"'
```

</TabItem>

  </Tabs>

<PortApiRegionTip/>

<AdvancedConfig/>

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

## Configuration

Port integrations use a [YAML mapping block](/build-your-software-catalog/customize-integrations/configure-mapping#configuration-structure) to ingest data from the third-party api into Port.

The mapping makes use of the [JQ JSON processor](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/manual/) to select, modify, concatenate, transform and perform other operations on existing fields and values from the integration API.

## Examples

To view and test the integration's mapping against examples of the third-party API responses, use the jq playground in your [data sources page](https://app.getport.io/settings/data-sources). Find the integration in the list of data sources and click on it to open the playground.

Additional examples of blueprints and the relevant integration configurations can be found on the datadog [examples page](example.md)

## Relevant Guides

> - For relevant guides and examples, see the [guides section](https://docs.getport.io/guides?tags=Datadog).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For relevant guides and examples, see the [guides section](https://docs.getport.io/guides?tags=Datadog).
```
